1 App Overview: the app for a user to log in (so we will need a signup process that I'd prefer to outsource to oauth2 so that we save ourselves from keeping sensitive information in our database) and load their stock portfolio (manually at first) with the ticker name and the amount they have invested. Then we will save their user information and look through a bunch of news apps (maybe have a setting for the user to choose which news sources and as default, search all of them ) for the relevant information for the user's portfolios. we can use chatGPT openAI or any other hugging face LLM to read the news and give us an analysis of the latest news that spoke in favor of the stock being bullish or bearish. the average of each article's sentiment analysis will then be displayed for each stock on a dashboard with each stock, how much the user has invested, and the average bullish (green) or negative bearish (red) sentiment analysis of each stock. At the top of this dashboard is a timeframe from the start date to the end date (by default is present) of when the news was gathered for these stocks. I want to use Python Django for the backend and angular JS for the front end.

2 Pages/Sections: There will be a login page for the user to either log in or sign up, after logging in the user will see an empty dashboard and there will be a button to add stocks they have invested in. As the user adds stocks, update the list below the add button & timeframe button. if the user swipes on the left of the stock: reveal a delete button to remove it from the list. if the user swipes right on the stock: reveals an edit button that will make the investment amount number editable for numeric dollar input. It should be scrollable leaving the add investment, timeframe, and analysis buttons stagnant. at the top of the page (to the left of the add investment button) there will be a date timeframe range defaulted to a week ago to present. This time range will be the time range we use to fetch news articles. at the bottom of this page, there will be a button to run the analysis... on the top right corner, there will be a profile settings button that leads to a page where the user can change their user information as well as check marking which news sources they want the analysis to pull articles from. there should also be a back button to get back to the portfolio dashboard. when the user presses the run analysis button in the Portfolio dashboard, then the run analysis button should turn into three dots that blink one after another letting the user know that the backend is loading data. once done, the run analysis button should go back to normal and the stock investments in the scrollable list will update with a red or green background for each stock to the right of each stock investment there will be a number indicating what percent of news article concluded as bullish or bearish about the asset.

3 Data Flow: the data flow should be logging in from the client and having the Oauth2 submit a token to the backend where the back end fetches the user's stocks and investment amounts as well as their personal information such as first name last name, and email. then after authenticating, we take the investment information and populate the scrollable list on the front end. Then updating (adding or removing) investments will update our backend with the updated list and prices. for now, we are only using Nasdaq symbols so the news articles the backend pulls from should only be for NASDAQ. the analysis should use an LLM either from OpenAi's API or hugging face transformers to read the news articles fetched from a list of news APIs we specify.

4 user actions: on the login page, the user can log in or sign up. if the user presses signup, change the login page to the signup page to sign in with any of the oAuth2 services we provide. On the portfolio dashboard, the user can change the timeframe of when to pull news articles with a calendar view a "from" & "to" section. the "to section" with a present time button... the portfolio dashboard page will also have an add investment button with a pop-up to fill out a ticker symbol and amount invested. once they press done on the popup, it will disappear showing the dashboard with a new symbol and investment amount added to the scrollable list. when the user presses the run analysis button then we will run an analysis on the list of stocks and update the frontend with the results. if the user presses the gear symbol on the top right corner of the screen, they will be sent to a settings page that updates our backend with the inputted and submitted data the user updates.